Instructions for testing
------------------------

To test AT-SPI D-Bus both a client (AT) library and server (Application) 
module is required.

The ATK-Bridge application module
---------------------------------

Currently there is an implementation of the ATK-Bridge for AT-SPI D-Bus. This
is a GTK module that will expose GAIL objects as accessible objects over D-Bus.
There are a number of ways to load a GTK module into an application. A special
directory exists on a system where all modules in the directory are loaded by
GTK applications. The ATK-Bridge GTK module is called libspiatk.so. It is
installed to $(libdir)/$(GTK_MODULE_DIR) meaning that if the AT-SPI D-Bus
package were installed on a system then all GTK apps would load it at
startup.As the library is unstable this is probably not a good idea. Instead
individual GTK applications can be started with the libspiatk.so module using
the command line options. --gtk-module $(install_path)/libspiatk.so. This
should work with all GTK applications.

Once a module is loaded with the libspiatk.so module it will print out its
unique address on the D-Bus bus. You should write this down. Its currently the
only way to access the application using a client (AT).

The Python client (AT) bindings
 -------------------------------

Once we have an application made accessible over the D-Bus we need an AT to
access the information. There is a python implementation of the pyatspi
bindings used by Accerciser and Orca. These bindings are installed to
$(pythondir)/pyatspi. To use these bindings set your PYTHONPATH environment
variable to the $(pythondir) directory and use "import pyatspi".

The only pyatspi based program tested so-far is Accerciser, and it can be
problematic to run using PYTHONPATH, as it modifies the search path based on
installation directory.

When running an AT using the new pyatspi bindings it is necessary to tell the
pyatspi module where to find the accessible application this is done by setting
the environment variable ATSPI_TEST_APP_NAME to the D-Bus unique name of
application.

Summary
-------

    * Run a GTK application, make it accessible by either installing
libspiatk.so to the GTK modules directory or by using the --gtk-module command
line argument. 

    * Run an AT using the new pyatspi module. Either install AT-SPI D-Bus on a
system without the old version of pyatspi, or set the PYTHONPATH environment
variable. 

    * Dont forget to set the ATSPI_TEST_APP_NAME environment variable to that
of the application. The Application will print its D-Bus unique name to stdout
on connecting to the bus. 
